.TH ST-UTIL 1 "Sep 2016" "Open Source STMicroelectronics Stlink Tools" "STLINK"
.SH NAME
.PP
st-util - Run GDB server to interact with STM32 device
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\f[I]st-util\f[] [<ARGS>...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Start a GDB server to interact with a STM32 device Run the main binary
of the local package (src/main.rs).
.PP
If a port number is not specified using the \f[B]--listen_port\f[]
option, the default \f[B]4242\f[] port will be used.
.PP
Stlink version 2 is used by default unless the option
\f[B]--stlinkv1\f[] is given.
.PP
The STLinkV2 device to use can be specified in the environment variable
STLINK_DEVICE on the format :.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -h, --help
Print this message.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B --version
Print version information
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -v \f[I]XX\f[], --verbose=XX
Specify a specific verbosity level (0..99)
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -v, --verbose
Specify generally verbose logging
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -s \f[I]X\f[], --stlink_version=X
Choose what version of stlink to use, (defaults to 2)
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -1, --stlinkv1
Force stlink version 1
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -p \f[I]4242\f[], --listen_port=1234
Set the gdb server listen port.
(default port: 4242)
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -m, --multi
Set gdb server to extended mode.
st-util will continue listening for connections after disconnect.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B -n, --no-reset
Do not reset board on connection.
.RS
.RE
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Run GDB server on port 4500 and connect to it
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
$\ st-util\ -p\ 4500
$\ gdb
(gdb)\ target\ extended-remote\ localhost:4500
\f[]
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
st-flash(1), st-info(1), st-term(1)
.SH COPYRIGHT
.PP
This work is copyrighted.
Stlink contributors.
See \f[I]LICENSE\f[] file in the stlink source distribution.
